On March 5th, work deployment meeting for the new spring semester of CCNU in 2021 was held. President Hao Fanghua deployed the arrangements from adhering to the basis of teacher-cultivation and human resource, focusing on modernization of teaching and other specific aspects. Chairman of University Council Zhao Lingyun made the requirements for sticking to innovation and target-oriented as well as problem-oriented approaches to promoting high-quality progress.
At the historic crossroad of the "Two Centenary Goals", CCNU convened the conference of CPC History Learning and Education Campaign on March 11th. Chairman of University Council Zhao Lingyun emphasized the necessity of turning the achievements of CPC's history learning into inner impetus for the future development of CCNU.
The seminar on soliciting opinions and suggestions for the development of CCNU was held on March 16th. Leaders of CCNU discussed the major issues about the development of CCNU on talent cultivation, discipline construction among others, which aimed to enhance the comprehensive strength of CCNU to construct a world-class university.
On March 1st, Changjiang Education Forum was jointly held by the Changjiang Education Research Institute and the Institute of State Governance. Changjiang Education Research Institute is initiated by CCNU and Hubei Changjiang Publishing and Media Group. Focusing on accelerating the construction of the high-quality educational system, the forum released relevant annual themes and overviews of education.
Cooperated with Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL) and other international institutes, Luo Xiaofeng and Liu Feng from the College of Physical Science and Technology in CCNU reported the first evidence of a nonmonotonic variation in the kurtosis times variance of the net-proton number (proxy for net-baryon number) distribution for head-on (central) gold-on-gold collisions measured solenoidal tracker at Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider, which is consistent with the quantum chromodynamics critical point. This breakthrough will help in further confirming the QCD critical point and exploring the QCD phase structure.
Li Wei and his research group from the College of Physical Science and Technology in CCNU introduced the term Cycle Nodes Ratio (CNR) for the first time to describe the ratio of number of nodes belonging to cycles to the number of total nodes and provided an algorithm to calculate CNR. They also gave the analytical solutions and simulation results of CNR in networks, which appeared to be the critical transition point. The CNR could be applied to four different kinds of transportation and fungal networks, which can greatly improve the accuracy of network clustering.
On March 11th "Two Sessions" have drawn to an end. International students Ali Nagri, Ebrima Barry, and Mohamad Zreik from CCNU were invited to share their viewpoints about education-related proposals of China, such as "Burden Reduction", "Educational Equity" and "Educational System Reform". They also talked about various measures Chinese governments adopted to deal with the pandemic, which, according to them, will be beneficial for all.
National Athletics Indoor Championships (North China Division) was held in Ji Nan, Shandong Province from March 17th to March 18th. Liu Dezhu from the School of Physical Education of CCNU set a new national record of 1min 49.55sec in men's 800 meters preliminary contest and clinched the gold medal in the 800 meters final and the 4th place of men's 1500 meters.